Remove `Text` `heading2xl` and associated tokens from v14 font migration (#11813)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/twenty-chefs-float.md

---
'@shopify/polaris-migrator': patch
---

> Updated v14 font migration based on deprecation updates

Author: ```suggestion
Removed `Text` `heading2xl` and associated tokens from v14 font migration
```
